Hello, my name is Steven Pyper, and this is my
foundations captone project that demonstrates what I learned in my first 8 weeks
at Dev Mountain. 

My kids and I love to play in the snow.  We ski everyweek in the winter 
and love to discover new trails to challenge ourselves.  Every ski resort has a 
wide variety of trails and sometimes it is hard to plan out your day in advance.

The website site I built is called Ski Day.
.  It allows you to explore new
ski reosrts and create your own custom ski run list with some added suggestions
in case you need some ideas on what to try.

When planning out this website, I used Figma for my mockups and I built it 
using HTML, CSS, and Javascript, bit.io, Postman, express and sequel.  

Lets take a look at how the website works. 

This is Ski Day.  The home page lists several ski resorts to explore so let's
check out one of my kids' favorites: Deer Valley.

When we click on Deer Valley you will see that the page has a quick summary
about the resort and below that a trail map key.  If you hover over the resort
map it will expand to let you see all of the runs at the resort in greater 
detail.  If you find a trail or two that you definetely want to add to your 
trail list, you can add them in right here.  You can also add the difficulty
level for the trail here before you add it.  Let's add the trail Success, and
call it a blue. *****  If you accidently add the wrong
trail type, you can update it here.  It's actually green.*****
Add if you want to remove it from the trail
list you can delete it by clicking the delete trail button.  

If you want to to see the suggested trails for the day you can click on the 
'get trails' button to see a random list list of 5 trails for the day.  

The other resorts listed at the top of the page have similar features as the 
Deer Valley page.

I enjoyed building this website and my kids and I have already tested out a
suggested list of ski runs.  Please let me know if you have any questions and 
feel free to use it for you next Ski Day. 

Thank you

 

